beneath our feet lies another world
why'd I have to be born or work in case
you haven't noticed we answer running
this show we're the Lords of the earth a
world just like our own ok everybody
6:15 time to dance look what you're a
pit beer call me crazy but I have a
thing about drinking from the caboose of
another creature suit yourself
Z was just another face in the crowd
until the day she came into his life hi
wanna dance
absolutely are you doing you know why
does everybody have to dance the same
way you know that's completely boring
it's no fun you're a princess when can I
see you again never way I can see
princess Baja we received word that the
termite enemy has mobilized this guy's
crazy I am proud to send you into battle
I'm so into battle
now destiny will make him a hero one
soldier did make it back sure that guy
from the bar worker danced with my
fiancee
arrest him hey wait a minute come with
me and it will take him on an adventure
beyond his wildest dreams so he kills
himself a hundred time i'ts
then bada bing bada bit bags himself the
princess I can't believe you tried to
pass yourself off as a soldier the trick
is not the panic and he's about to
discover that the challenges of the
outside world are the least of his
problems I've been kidnapped by the
village and I know almost exactly what
I'm doing
we will spare no effort to bring her
back
one man will rise above it all to prove
that he's one in a million
DreamWorks Pictures and PDI present it
looks like this is it just when I was
starting to like you
[Music]